Angular modules

Modules are great for structuring much bigger applications. Modules are like folders or containers that keep your code organized

The group related to Components, Services, Directives, Pipes

it will make your app easier to scale, maintain, and lazy load

Defined using @NgModule decorator, fundamental building blocks of Angular application

Better organization by grouping related functionalities together like all admin or user-related features,
It promotes reusing by sharing common components or pipes by sharing across different parts of your app or even across multiple projects,
It has the potential to improve performance by loading modules only when they are needed rather than the entire app at once

Declarations:
They are the list of components, directives and pipes that belong to this module

Imports are other modules whose exported classes are needed by component templates, declared in this module like common module and forms module

Exports are subset of declarations that should be visible and usable in the component templates of other modules

Providers are services available app-wide through the module. These services become available to all parts of the app

Bootstrap is the root component that Angular creates and inserts into index.html, host webpage

Feature modules encapsulate related functionalities like admin, user, dashboard etc

Shared modules contain common components, directives and pipes that might be used across many feature modules

Core modules: house singleton services and global configurations that are used application-wide

We are going to create an Admin module. it handles tasks like viewing all students, adding courses. we will generate this module along with its routing configuration.
ng generate module features/admin --routing

generate a component to list all students for our Admin panel



Feature modules -> Admin module here groups specific functionalities

Shared modules => for components that are used everywhere throught the app like header components, footer components, common directives

Core modules => provides singleton services or global settings. 
Shared modules avoids repeating common code
Core modules ensure only global services are instantiated only once for things like authentication or global configuration

By default we add {providedIn: 'root'} setting. Angular automatically makes the service available as singleton throughout the app

Why we want to make them singleton by providing in the 'root'?
Whereever we inject the service gets the same instance or same singleton instance. this is perfect for things like data fetching or shared state
Automatic tree shaking => that means unused services (if they are not injected anywhere) will be removed or pruned by Angular
No extra boilerplate code

When would we create a custom core module?
In large application, we want to organize our services and functionalities
Core module is imported only once in the App module
Core service, authentication service should have only a single instance

Create an Admin dashboard within the Admin module => central hub for admins to View students and Add courses
ng generate component features/admin/dashboard

For Circular chain error: npm install -g madge
npx madge --circular src/

npx madge --circular --extensions ts .


Next topics:
1. Advanced Angular
2. Testing Angular applications
3. Accessibility
4. Working with material design
5. Backend development















